Saga tutorial lesson 2 (#4572)
Particular/docs.particular.net: tutorials/nservicebus-sagas/2-timeouts/tutorial.md

We handle `CancelOrder` in `BuyersRemorsePolicy` saga by implementing `IHandleMessages<CancelOrder>`. We also need to tell the saga how to map a `CancelOrder` command to a saga instance which we can do with the `OrderId` property, just as we did with the `PlaceOrder` command:

snippet: BuyersRemorseCancelOrderHandling

The `Handle` method is very similar to the saga's `Timeout` method. We log some information, do some business logic, then mark the saga complete. This effectively cancels any outstanding timeouts currently in place for the saga. Remember, by calling `MarkAsComplete`, we tell this saga instance that there is no further work to be performed.

Consider what happens when the buyer's remorse period has ended. The saga has been marked complete but maybe the Cancel button still appears on the user's screen and they click it. Assuming a `CancelOrder` command still gets fired, nothing will happen. The saga instance is already complete so there is nothing left to process this command. In effect, we can't cancel an order that has already been placed. Similarly, we can't complete an order that has already been processed. `MarkAsComplete` handles both of these scenarios for us.

> NOTE: Technically, it's not true that _nothing_ will happen when a saga message is received after the instance has completed. We can implement the `IHandleSagaNotFound` interface to [perform logic](https://docs.particular.net/nservicebus/sagas/saga-not-found) in these scenarios. For example, we could inform the customer that the buyer's remorse period has ended so the order can no longer be cancelled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Technically, it's not true that _nothing_ will happen when a saga message is received after the instance has completed. We can implement the `IHandleSagaNotFound` interface to [perform logic](/nservicebus/sagas/saga-not-found.md) in these scenarios. For example, we could inform the customer that the buyer's remorse period has ended so the order can no longer be cancelled.
```
